docs(configuration): add onListening, update after and before in devServer (#3317)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/dev-server.md

};
```

## `devServer.onListening`

`function (server)`

> This option allow to developers run own scripts after run webpack-dev-server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides an option to execute a custom function when `webpack-dev-server` starts listening for connections on a port.
```

__webpack.config.js__

```javascript
module.exports = {
  //...
  devServer: {
    onListening: function(server) {

>       // do fancy stuff

Reviewer: This isn't a great example, can we change this to:
```suggestion
      const port = server.listeningApp.address().port;
      console.log('Listening on port:', port);
```
